2026 Rules

This year our league we will play Wednesday nights at the Eagles Golf Club in Odessa starting on March 18th. The finals this season week will be an 18 hole round on September 26th (unless it rains then see notes in the playoffs below).

The cost this year will be $25.00 for the nine holes.

We do a mulligan on the first hole with the caveat that if you choose to hit a second shot you MUST use that shot.

We also play all OB as red stakes meaning you must take a penalty stroke but you can drop as though you were dropping for a red stakes penalty area. You cannot play an OB ball from OB! 


The format will be a shot gun start each week starting at around 5:00  each week. We will again use the Quota Point System. The Quota Point system awards points based on your scores for each hole.

Albatross (Double Eagle) 8 points
Hole in One 8 points
Eagle 6 points
Birdie 4 points
Par 2 points
Bogey 1 points
Double Bogey 0 points

The Quota points system is set up so that once you hit double bogie you pick up and move to the next hole. This keeps the pace of play up so that everyone finishes at the same time and before it gets dark.

Paradise Cup (FEDEX Cup point's style competition)

Returning players will use their quota from last season; if you are new you establish your quota once you complete 3 rounds or we can figure one if you have a handicap.

Your quota is the average of the your last 7 quota scores with the caveat of Quota scores will only post 2 points lower than your quota from the prior week (for example if your quota is 7 and you score a 4 for purposes of setting your quota it will go in as a score of 5). If you are new you set your quota after 3 rounds. If you have played less than 7 rounds and have a plus round (you shoot over your quota) that round will be entered twice as it relates to setting your quota (this helps prevent sandbagging).

Once you have a quota you can start earning Paradise cup points.

Paradise Cup points are earned as follows:

100 points to the player who has the highest score over their quota
90 points 2nd place
80 points 3rd place
70 points 4th place
60 points 5th place
50 points 6th place
40 points 7th place
30 points 8th place
20 points 9th place
10 points 10th place
1 point for all other competitors who played that week
Any ties will add points and divide them between those who are tied ( for example if 2 people are tied for second place then the 90 point second place points are added to the 80 points third place and divided between those 2 players (85 points each) and the next player is award 4thplace points)

The 18 hole Saturday round will be the playoffs. It will be treated like 2- 9 hole rounds.
1st Nine holes of - September 26th
- Top eight point leaders + ties from regular season qualify to compete in week 1 of the playoffs.
- Points are reset to 100, 90, 80, . . . , 30 for the leader 1stplace thru 8th place.
2nd Nine holes of 18 hole Saturday round – September 26th Championship
- Top 4 + ties of the 8 that qualified for the championship compete.
- Paradise Points are carried over from the first nine holes of playoffs
- Paradise Points are doubled for the final week for 1st Place to 200 (point remain at 90 for 2nd, 80 for 3rd & 70 for 4th for the remaining 3 places) so if you win the last week you are the champion.
- Championship tie breakers: only break tie for champion (other places split pots) – tie breaker is highest ranked player of those tied from regular season; if still tied then a 20ft putt off on the practice green.

Rain out rules to be voted on.
If the both the September 1st and the September 8th get rained out then the playoffs are reduced to a one week championship on September 15th (whoever has the most over their quota of the final 8 qualifiers).
If the September 1st match is rained out the first week of the playoff is September 8th and the Championship is moved to September 15th. If the moved championship on September 17th is rained out we will try one final time on September 22nd to complete the championship otherwise the results of the first playoff week will be used to determine the champion. If the 1st, 8th, 15th, & 22nd rounds are all rained out then the player with the most points during the regular season is the champion.

There will also be a losers bracket for those who do not qualify for the playoffs – the top player over their quota for the 2 playoff weeks combined gets $30, second place gets $20, and third place gets $10.

The league cost for the season will be $25.00. After that initial league fee - each week you play you will also pay the club $25.00 for the greens fee. We have a hole in one pool with $3 from every players dues going into a kitty to pay out to someone if they happen to score an ace or a double eagle during a league event (the pot is currently $0). The remaining prize money is divided up at the end of the season with 60% going to first place, 20% to second place and 10% to third the remaining 10% go towards getting the golf hat prize for the league champion with any left over money getting thrown into the closest to the pin prize pool on the last week. We also do an optional $1 ($2 total) closest to the pin for the two par threes and an optional $3 towards a net birdie/skins pool collection each week. The money is collected before we tee off (this is optional you do not have to participate). 
